1.

Good prompt:

An example of a good prompt would be to say " Erite a polite email declining an invitation to a ( event name here maybe a birthday party or barebeque ) hosted by 
(the name of the host and who their relationship to you ). The tone should be ( the tone you would want here maybe friendly or professional). I cannot attend due to 
( the circumstances or reasoning behind missing the party). Wish them a great time and tell them i would like to catch up ( put your timeframe here or a place you would
like)."

Bad prompt:

A bad prompt would give very little details, for example to prompt the ai with
"Make me an email saying i can't go to a party"
Comparing results:
The results are much better with the first prompt since it gives the ai the information that it lacks from the user which would it can't know prior to the prompt. 
The result with the first prompt with more information given allows the the ai make the email a lot better and more accurate to how the user would want it.
The second bad prompt leaves a lot of details missing and the ai does not know what information it is missing unless it is provided by the user.
The second prompts results are less effective at creating a good email to decline a party invitation and is a lot shorter.

2.
The prompt i would use would say "I need to help with the understanding of the process called photosynthesis, and how i should best make a presentation
for photosynthesis to explain it to my child for them to be able to understand it well using just basic bullet points"

3.

For this scenario i would make a prompt that says "make me a recipe with the following ingredients i have for an omlette: 3 eggs, a bottle of olive oil, a tomato, 
2 green peppers, 2 jalepenos, a small bottle of salt, and another small bottle of pepper. I also have experience making omlettes daily i want to know how
to include the new vegetables i added which are the tomato, green peppers and jalepenos. There are no dietary restrictions i have no allergies to any of these 
ingredients."

